To be honest, I first heard about your project
When investing in that information
I absolutely don't believe it
And that's why.
When Dad mentioned our engagement
I will firmly oppose
Until yesterday
I finally realized that the rumors were not true
Lin Fan
Your ability is far more powerful than rumored
Call husband
Old husband
Louder, I can't hear you.
husband
It's your fault for being so embarrassed
We are above board
What are you afraid of?
You still said it was fine, I won't say it, okay?
That's more like it.
The value of Dongshan Investment has soared a hundredfold
50 times the return on investment companies
Such an investment talent
Even I, the so-called first person in the venture capital
Have to be ashamed
Now you know your man is awesome
How about today?
I want to introduce someone to you
If only I could get along with him
husband
In the future, the development of Zhongzhou will be unstoppable
You mean Nalan Longsong?